[16.0][MIG] pos_session_pay_invoice: Migration to version 16.0 (#1226)
OCA/pos: pos_session_pay_invoice/readme/USAGE.rst

#.  Go to *Point of Sale / Dashboard* and create and open or access to an
    already open POS Session.
#.  Open the POS Session form view on the Backend.

> #.  Press the button **Pay Invoice** to pay a Supplier Invoice or a Customer
>     Refund. It will be paid using Cash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Press the button **Pay Supplier Invoice** to pay a Supplier Invoice or **Pay Refund** for a Customer
    Refund. It will be paid using Cash.
```

> #.  Select **Collect Payment from Invoice** in to receive a payment of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Select **Get Payment from Invoice** to receive a payment of an
```
